A lot of different bots collected from wherever I could find them.

A description of some of them:

	alvin
	
	plasmisil.bot Segundo diseño
	anton
	
	battleship.bot My first Heavy bot
	dizzy.bot A bot that wonders aimlessly
	dreadnaught.bot Dreadnaught (heavy bot), improved battleship
	lightcruiser.bot Striped-Down Dreadnought using same code
	biffgonzi
	
	mathmo.bot it either moves around or it doesn't
	bjarne
	
	bbot.basm follow bots and shoots 
	bluefire
	
	example1.bot example
	teamtracker.basm uploadtest
	teamtracker.bot uploadtest
	techpres.txt uploadtest
	tournament.cfg testing new tournament mechanism
	tournament.txt testing the new tournament mechanism
	tournyrooster.txt testing new tournament mechanism
	tracker.bot testing
	brandon
	
	bob.2.4.bmp this is what bob looks like...
	bob.2.4.bot this is bob v2.4, bob is now unstopable
	chrisdawes
	
	aegis.bot missile rapier system. rather lame against things it can't see
	aegismax.bot the a compromise of the aegis bot. it's got a spray on the fron.
	radar.bot it scans. it scans fairly well. but it can't kill much cos it's plasmagun rarely hits.
	DarkVadder
	
	Flamer.bot FAILED UPLOAD (file size zero) please report browser and version used when uploadingMy first close-combat-bot
	dennha
	
	feigling.basm Robot which flees and fires massively to the rear
	missile2.basm Robot with lots of missiles
	scanmaster.basm Robot with evasion algorithm
	Depili
	
	ADummy_M1.bot A light bot
	B_Dummy_M4.bot A new revision :)
	dhwebb
	
	zaurus2.bot Light-weight w/shueld, rockets, and beam.
	Dietrich
	
	afiri.bot lots of missiles
	Dirk
	
	firefly.bot Bot with Scanner and Missiles on turrets
	Spotty.bot Circler with Rockets
	trebuchet2.bot Missileplatform
	El_MaKe
	
	el_bot.bot version 2002.01.30 of the legendary bot.
	fightier2.bot The older fightier.. Modified only a little.. but the BEST!
	hutikuti.bot An "extreme"-bot
	escaflowne
	
	escaflowne_light.bot search and destroy
	FJO
	
	fjo5.bot Version 5
	fjo6.bot Version 6
	fjo8_4.bot Not really effective
	fjo_ng2_3_1.bot 
	FloFri
	
	flo.bot My 1st bot (2nd upload)
	G_Whiz
	
	dreadnaught.bot From some on else.
	gala
	
	circles.bot test
	gilly
	
	matkija8.bot Matkija is mimic.
	sniper.bot my first somehow working bot
	gnom
	
	lgnom.bot lgnom with minor changes
	Hitboy
	
	bitbox.bot v0.7 (heavy)
	jameo
	
	esqueleto.bot My first attempt of a functional robot, R5
	jrhankim
	
	tournament.cfg FAILED UPLOAD (file size zero) please report browser and version used when uploading
	tournament.txt FAILED UPLOAD (file size zero) please report browser and version used when uploading
	tournyrooster.txt 
	karl83
	
	sittingbee1.bot he's ultralight
	Leo
	
	tournament.txt 
	tournyrooster.txt 
	Michal
	
	tournament.cfg FAILED UPLOAD (file size zero) please report browser and version used when uploading
	tournament.txt FAILED UPLOAD (file size zero) please report browser and version used when uploading
	tournynrooster.txt FAILED UPLOAD (file size zero) please report browser and version used when uploading
	mrbob
	
	brokenbob.bot annoying bot, no engine, some missiles, cloaking etc...
	emissbot.bot melts itself after a while :)
	Neo
	
	De-Icer.bot First bot...
	nolife
	
	konky.bot Just Konky, yet not finished it still can finish most of the #1 bots
	konky2.bot Improofed friend/foe detection, still some bugs
	pav
	
	fr3db07.bot First attempt at botmaking
	philipul
	
	sa3.bot Search'n'destroy #3 (rev b)
	tournament.cfg Tournamentfile
	tournament.txt Tournament-stats
	tournyrooster.txt Rooster
	Quadra
	
	tournament.cfg FAILED UPLOAD (file size zero) please report browser and version used when uploading
	tournament.txt FAILED UPLOAD (file size zero) please report browser and version used when uploading
	tournyrooster.txt 
	richard
	
	Jennifer_Lopez-Oct2K1-FHM10.jpg.bot remove the evil ".bot"... ;p
	sean
	
	tournament.cfg FAILED UPLOAD (file size zero) please report browser and version used when uploading
	sffubs
	
	315i3-0.3.bot My latest test build
	seeker.bot A more sophisticated suckbot
	sffubs4.bot My latest dubious creation
	sucks.bot It sucks.
	Solver
	
	sa3.bot .
	stone
	
	stone.bot 
	stone2.bot 
	TheSchnagg
	
	debug.bmp It looks so cool :)
	debug.bot Really good against moving targets
	tournament.cfg 
	tournament.txt 
	tournyrooster.txt 
	Trillifix
	
	Beamer.bot Simpel but very effectiv...
	rocketer.bot my newest creation
	Vossi2.bot good bot / light
	UloPe
	
	Cloaked_02_revC.bot Cloaked Bot 2nd Generation Revision C
	Cloaked_revD.bot Cloaked Bot 1st Generation Revision D
	mamut_05_revE.bot Biiiiiiig Bot Revision E
	tournament.cfg UloPe's Heavy-Class Tournament
	tournament.txt UloPe's Heavy-Class Tournament
	tournyrooster.txt UloPe's Heavy-Class Tournament
